scripts: hid_configurator: Document fwupd dependency (#12735)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: scripts/hid_configurator/README.rst

* `Windows`_
* `Debian/Ubuntu/Linux Mint`_

> You also need to ensure that the `LVFS (Linux Vendor Firmware Service) <LVFS_>`_ ``fwupd`` deamon is not running in the background.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You also need to ensure that the `Linux Vendor Firmware Service (LVFS) <LVFS_>`_ ``fwupd`` deamon is not running in the background.
```

> You also need to ensure that the `Linux Vendor Firmware Service (LVFS) <LVFS_>`_ ``fwupd`` deamon is not running in the background.

Reviewer 2: I think `daemon` not deamon + other occurrences

Author: Just fixed it :)

> See the `Stopping fwupd daemon_` section for details.

Author: We use this syntax in this file already, let's check if it renders properly and update whole file if needed.
btw. fixed a typo with `_` position.

> See the `Stopping fwupd daemon_` section for details.

Author: Seems to work fine: https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK_dev/doc/PR-12735/nrf/scripts/hid_configurator/README.html#requirements

> See the `Stopping fwupd daemon_` section for details.

Reviewer 3: That could be the reason it didn't work in the local build :).

  For more detailed information about LED stream functionality, see the `Playing LED stream`_ section.

Stopping fwupd deamon
=====================

> The :ref:`nrf_desktop_config_channel` is also used by the Nordic HID plugin of ``fwupd`` in the `LVFS (Linux Vendor Firmware Service) <LVFS_>`_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The :ref:`nrf_desktop_config_channel` is also used in the `Linux Vendor Firmware Service (LVFS) <LVFS_>`_ by the Nordic HID plugin of ``fwupd``.
```

> Several Linux-based operating systems run the ``fwupd`` daemon is in the background to manage firmware updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Several Linux-based operating systems run the ``fwupd`` daemon in the background to manage firmware updates.
```

> Configuring a connected HID device simultaneoulsly with multiple host tools is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuring a connected HID device simultaneously with multiple host tools is not supported.
```

> If multiple host tools configure a HID device at the same time, the configuration channel transport implementation in the firmware may mix requests and responses coming from various host tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If multiple host tools configure a HID device at the same time, the configuration channel transport implementation in the firmware might mix requests and responses coming from various host tools.
```

> Configuring a connected HID device simultaneoulsly with multiple host tools is not supported.
> If multiple host tools configure a HID device at the same time, the configuration channel transport implementation in the firmware may mix requests and responses coming from various host tools.
> Make sure to stop the ``fwupd`` daemon before using HID configurator script.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Configuring a connected HID device simultaneously with multiple host tools is not supported.
If multiple host tools configure an HID device at the same time, the configuration channel transport implementation in the firmware may mix requests and responses coming from various host tools.
Make sure to stop the ``fwupd`` daemon before using the HID configurator script.
```

> Linux Ubuntu example

Reviewer 3: do we say Linux Ubuntu? or is it just Linux or Ubuntu, as per the context?

--------------------

> To either stop or start the ``fwupd`` daemon on Linux Ubuntu, run one of the the following commands:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To either stop or start the ``fwupd`` daemon on Linux Ubuntu, run one of the following commands:
```

> The following commands can be used to respectively stop and start the ``fwupd`` daemon on Linux Ubuntu:
> 
> .. parsed-literal::
>     :class: highlight
> 
>     sudo systemctl stop fwupd
>     sudo systemctl start fwupd
> 
> The following command can be used to check status of the ``fwupd`` deamon on Linux Ubuntu:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To stop and start the ``fwupd`` daemon on Linux Ubuntu, run the following command:

.. parsed-literal::
    :class: highlight

    sudo systemctl stop fwupd
    sudo systemctl start fwupd

To check status of the ``fwupd`` deamon on Linux Ubuntu, run the following command:
```
